LUDOVICA:

1) yes, since I started working (babysitter, waitress, etc.) 
I have always written down my expenses and income on Excel. 
Since New Year's Eve I have been writing them down on an app

2)
- lots of graphs to know how I am spending/earning money;
- possibility of making estimates (like if I earn so much per month and spend so much, how much money will I have in month x?)
- ⁠advice on how to invest money

3) Maybe yes. If you won money or material things, maybe yes, but if they were just badges/insignias like those in games, probably not. 
However, to save money, it takes commitment and also the possibility of being able to do it (you can't avoid some expenses).

4) the possibility of "moving" money without it appearing in the graphs or lists of movements. 
For example, I have written down two accounts: the one in the bank and the paper money (to understand well where I have the money).  
If I withdraw €10 from the bank, I don't want to have to mark -€10 from the bank account and +€10 on the cash account. 
Then they would appear in the graphs. This messes up all the accounts

GABRIELE:

1) No, i don't adopt any particular strategy to save my money.

2) A very useful feature is the option to create separate balances for different payments.

3) Yes, i think a reward system could help me by giving me a little reward every time i save an amount of money.

4) One thing i would improve is the balance management through the possibility of marking the money i spend in more precise categories.

ALESSANDRO:

1) I use Excel and consider all income: I then try to consider all fixed expenses and if possible to set a maximum budget of 30% for extra expenses. 
I often have 100% income, 50% fixed expenses and 30% variable expenses. 20% goes into savings + everything that doesn't go into extra expenses

2) Definitely the integration of AI that can give an objective evaluation of market multiples (e.g. EPS)
and that report definitions and projections for the future + the general "feeling" of investors in the market, so as to make an informed choice

3) Definitely yes, it would help to combat inflation if it worked like a bank with monthly or even weekly interest,
it would help to keep the money in the account and save to try to earn as much as possible with compound interest

4 the possibility of seeing the real amount of money I have with a virtual coach like:
"You usually receive your salary next Friday. Based on your expenses, you will have about €200 left: do you want to put it aside right away?"

ELEONORA:

1) No, I don't use any strategies to save money

2) It would be useful to be able to keep track of the balance between what I spend and what I earn 

3) Maybe It would help me but it depends on the reward system. A game would work very well for me 

4) It would be nice to involve the user a little more (aiming at enhanced interaction or game-like features).


