VANESSA
1)
No there isn’t a particular strategy that I use to save money. 
When I use the card I can see all the transaction from the banking app. 
For the other transaction done with cash I don’t really keep track of them. Maybe because I’m young I don’t have yet the need to track all my expenses. 
One big factor is that I mainly use my credit card so it’s already done.

2)
I want the app to be simple and straight forward. 
When you manage to save what you wanted for that week you get a reward. Example coupon from affiliated companies.
I want to have categories.
I would like a digital counterpart of a book where I can divide my monthly income into different sections, so I can have 10% to savings, 10% to car expenses and so on.

3)
Yes, I would like the app to be like a game, where if I can save I can level up and get benefits. 
Receive notification when I’m close to a goal to encourage me to save and get to that goal. Or If I set a goal to buy something, receive the notification to remind me to save to get to that goal.

4)
Never used app like that because they are too confusing.


MAURIZIO
1)
Nothing in particular, just something on my phone notes app, like recurring expenses.

2)
It would be useful to have something that can help save built into the app. For example if I put my phone bill I would like to have suggestions for other companies with lower tariffs.
Could be nice to have a section to divide expenses with friends, like on a trip or for a dinner.
When I pay with cash I want to be able to scan the receipt with the camera and save them.

3)
Yes it would help me to save more and will encourage me to use the app more often.

4)
I want finance apps to be more easy and fast to use, maybe allowing me to connect my banking account and having both the expenses from my credit card and the expenses that I can add on my own.


MATTEO
1)
I keep track of my expenses with excel, to check incomes and transactions of various accounts and cash flow. 
It helps me visualise which are the categories In which I spend more and not just summarised by macro categories.

2)
A calendar with the deadline so I don’t forget important payments.
The possibility to add every type of category (not just macro categories like “Food, Car, House, they are too restrictive).
An app that is easy and intuitive, so apps are too complicated and is not clear how to use them.
Management of loans and mortgage to see the remaining payments.
I would like the ability to visualise the yearly summary with percentage and graphs, also being able to compare each month with one from another year.
In addition it would be nice to have a system that creates an estimation, based on incomes and payments, on when to do a big purchase. 
For example if I have to spend 2k I want to know which would be the best period or month to do that.
(Your income is 3k/month, on average you spend 1k and add 2k to your balance. Considering that you don’t want to go under 10k on your account the ideal period to spend those 2k is in 3 month for example)

3)
It would, of course based on the kind of reward. It should encourage the user to improve his saving abilities.
It’s also a mind game, so even a simple “Goal reached” can help users to save consistently. 

4)
I would improve their interface, making it more like a real app and not just an excel sheet like most of them. 
I would improve the flexibility on category choice, so I can have a more detailed report. 
For example the gas for my car should go in a dedicated category and not under “Car” so I can know how much I spend in gas only.


ELISA
1)
No I don’t use a particular strategy on saving money.

2)
Set a target to reach, like I want to save 200€ to buy something. Then register how much I saved. 
I want to receive the notification (for example “another 20€ and you will reach your goal”).
I want to inert the transactions as easy as possible, I don’t want to fill too much informations, because it stops me from using it.
Another feature I would like is when I enter a shop I get a notification with how much I can spend for that month in shopping.
(For example if I enter a clothing shop is different from if I enter a supermarket, so I will get different budgets)

3)
I don’t want something I have to play with too much because I get bored, but I would like something like duolingo, where I have a path with different levels.
So based on how I divide my goal I will have a different path. For example if I want to save 5€ each week to get to 200€ I will have 40 boxes to get through.

4)
I would like to improve the experience, because I would like something easy without too much clutter. Also the connection with my bank account.
